# This repository consists all that one needs to run a behavioural experiment (Simon Task). It was created using Psychopy 3 (v2020.2.10) as Assignment 3 of the course "Special Topic in Cognitve Science : Brain Imaging Methods", taught at IIT Gandhinagar by Dr. Ayan Sengupta. Following are the items used to successfuly create the same :

- **Brain_Imaging_Mid_Term_20510008_Report** : This file contains the entire report generated for the purpose of this assignment and can be used to replicate the finding of this assignments. The link to the report can be found here : https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eCEqSS88vk6wJyNbKD_PUSPCvQ7_PMEIw1XS3a0poG8/edit?usp=sharing
- **Images** : Contains all the various priming stimulus used for Positive and negative influence. The images named "Happy" refer to the ones used as Positive Emotional Influence
while those named "Sad" were used as negative influence.
- **data** : Contains all the actual raw data files that were generated at the end of each run after a particpant successfuly completed the experiment.
- **sorted_data** : This file contains curated data with only the necessary headers required and used for the purposes of analysis. For added convenience, RTs from incongruent and
incongruent trials have been split into different worksheets within the same .xlsx file.
- **simon_task.psyexp** : This is the actual file that was executed for every run of the experiment when a particpant had to perform the experiment.
- **simon_task.py** : This contains the commented Python Script generated by Psychopy3 of the entire experiment.
- **simon_task_lastrun.py** : This is the automatically generated logfile which was created by Psychopy3 when the last run was finished successfully.
- **simon_task_order.csv** : This file is the conditions file that was fed into the builder to run the routines along with the necessary parameters as headers in the csv.


